# Abacus-Private-Security-Guards-In-Sydney
ENFORCEMENT SUPPORT Abacus is here to support you when you need it most. Our guards are highly trained in managing sensitive and emotional situations and will become part of your team in tackling difficult conditions. We bring a calm, professional and authoritative approach to managing circumstances that include: Liquidations &amp; Receiverships Lockouts &amp; Evictions Industrial Action Abacus Security Services ensure they offer professional and effective services by: Applying live reporting systems – so you are notified of any incidents on your site in real time.  Supporting our Guards – Our guards are checked on and assisted throughout their shift by our 24/7 supervisors, control room and response team.  Implementing tailor made systems and procedures for each site and client. This allows us to approach each situation strategically for the safest and most cost-effective deployment of guards.  LIQUIDATIONS AND RECEIVERSHIPS Liquidations and receivership situations can become tense. Our hand-picked team of elite security personnel have the experience and training to handle tense situations and ensure peace remains. We work with you to understand all aspects of your business and situation, providing a comprehensive security solution to protect your property and personnel.  The Abacus Security Services team bring an unwavering dedication to ensuring your work goes ahead with as little disruption as possible. All Abacus Security Services guards are appropriately trained and licensed. They carry the relevant licenses and accreditaions, as well as a current first aid certificate should these services be required. Talk to our team today about how Abacus Security Services can assist you.
